# Neural Network Charity Analysis
## Overview of the loan prediction risk analysis:
The purpose of this analysis is to find out whether deep neural networks can make accurate judgement on whether the outcome of providing funding to an charity applicant would be successful or not based on some relavant information.
## Results:
* Data Preprocessing
  * The binary categorical variable of whether the outcome of funding is successful is the target of the model.
  * The dummy variables generated by the categorical variables such as APPLICATION_TYPE,	AFFILIATION and	CLASSIFICATION, and numerical variable ASK_AMT are features of the model.
  * The variable EIN and NAME which are used to identify each observation is not useful for the estimation of the model and are dropped.
* Compiling, Training, and Evaluating the Model
  * As the dataset is not very large, only 2 hidden layers are added the model, with the number of neurons being 80, 50 correspondingly.
  * Although the model is quite big for the dataset, the objective of an over 75% accuracy is not achieved (around 72% accuracy in the test sample).
  * In another attempt, the model is further enlarged to one with 3 hidden layers (the number of neurons being 100, 80, 50 correspondingly), yet the outcome is not significantly improved.

## Summary:
In sum, the model has achieved some extent of success, but it falls short of expectation. In this case, random forest model may be considered as a substitution, as it can achieve similar result with less consumption of computational power for tabular data.
